[17.0][ADD] stock_move_pivot_total_price: New module stock_move_pivot_total_price (#374)
OCA/stock-logistics-reporting: stock_move_pivot_total_price/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module introduces Product total price for every stock move, wich can be selected as a mesure in Move Analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module introduces Product total price for every stock move, which can be selected as a measure in Move Analysis.
```
